README.md, before:

# GoAnimate-Jacob2010-Edition
This is an API wrapper for GoAnimate's Legacy Video Maker and GoAnimate Jacob2010 Edition, and Original Wrapper Online Diamond Was Hacked And Permanently Shut Down And By Ransomware For Some Reason The All! *On 27th August, 2025,* Unlike other services that attempt to sole the same problem, this project allows the LVM to access data peristence and is very portable.  Please keep in mind that not all features designed to run on the original API work properly.


# How To Use

1. All Need To Go To? FlashThemes Get Flash, https://cdn.cleanflash.org/CleanFlash_34.0.0.308_Installer.exe and https://ungoogled-software.github.io/ungoogled-chromium-binaries/releases/windows/64bit/67.0.3396.87-3
2. Install To Clean Flash Player and Install To Chromium
3. Install To Node.js
4. Click To chrome
5. And BOOM! There We Go, You Got a GoAnimate Jacob2010 Edition!


# How To Host In Replit
https://edytaniedzialkowska-dev.github.io/bonus/tutorial_replit_on_goanimate/How%20to%20go%20to%20GoAnimate%20in%20your%20Devices!%20(FREE%20TO%20USE!%202025%20WORKING!).mp4

Commit message:

Add release date for Wrapper Online Emerald
Updated README to include information about Wrapper Online Emerald release.

README.md, after:

# GoAnimate-Jacob2010-Edition
This is an API wrapper for GoAnimate's Legacy Video Maker and GoAnimate Jacob2010 Edition, and Original Wrapper Online Diamond Was Hacked And Permanently Shut Down And By Ransomware For Some Reason The All! *On 27th August, 2025,* Unlike other services that attempt to sole the same problem, this project allows the LVM to access data peristence and is very portable.  Please keep in mind that not all features designed to run on the original API work properly. Instead, Wrapper Online Emerald Will Be Release On December 12th, 2025!


# How To Use

1. All Need To Go To? FlashThemes Get Flash, https://cdn.cleanflash.org/CleanFlash_34.0.0.308_Installer.exe and https://ungoogled-software.github.io/ungoogled-chromium-binaries/releases/windows/64bit/67.0.3396.87-3
2. Install To Clean Flash Player and Install To Chromium
3. Install To Node.js
4. Click To chrome
5. And BOOM! There We Go, You Got a GoAnimate Jacob2010 Edition!


# How To Host In Replit
https://edytaniedzialkowska-dev.github.io/bonus/tutorial_replit_on_goanimate/How%20to%20go%20to%20GoAnimate%20in%20your%20Devices!%20(FREE%20TO%20USE!%202025%20WORKING!).mp4
